# student-pages-and-filtering
 This is a fun project that demonstrates the functionality of pagination of large data sets for more pleasant viewing. Additionally, the project incorporates an array of buttons serving as a placeholder for specific sets, or pages, of data to allow for maneuvering through the data at will. The pages are generated by DOM manipulation using javascript and functional page buttons are also added to the DOM dynamically through javascript. In order to achieve this, a function was created to loop through an array of objects, storing the values for replication. I set a limit of 9 students per page to make an organized display that doesn't require a lot of scrolling. Additionally, I generated a function to store the remaining data in pages that can be called by user clicks on the corresponding page number. 

 To add to the maneuverability of the data, I created and placed a searchbar into the DOM in the header of the document. Functionality of the searchbar allows for user input to pull student data based on the names stored for each of the students. Partial matches will return a result and paginate the number of students matching the user's input. In order to achieve this, I looped through the data set once more storing the name values. In a separate variable, I stored the value of the input keyed in by the user. I created a conditional statement to compare the keyed data with the name variables. By creating an empty variable and pushing matching data to the empty array, I was able to recall my existing function with the new array in order to show pages based on matching student names.

 Cheers!
